What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When I initialized my directory git showed me a message as a comfirmation
the initialization then create automatically a hidden directory named ".git" in my
directory. As the intructor said this directory contains the configs of my actual 
directory as the history of the commits and other features.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

the staging area  is different from the wording directory and the repository in the sense that
it act as intermediary between them. In fact, when you want to make a commit from your 
working directory it goes before to the staging  area then make a commit to the repository.
it allows to make mutiple commit of files ( logically related ) and ckeck wether we want to remove
a commit or add more commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can use the staging area to add files that concern only one logical change. In other words
if run the command git status and see some files in the staging area, that means those files
concern only one logical change. So if want to add some files that concern another logical change
I will commit the previous one so that the staging area will contain one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?

For example if you want to add new features to your project but your are not sure
sure that you will keep them. You can create a new branch for those features and start 
working on them while still continue working on the original project. Thus, you can
make commits for either one branch or all the branches. Then after if you think it's 
worth adding these feartures  you can merge the branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Before seeing the graph the concept of branch was very abstract to me.
the diagram allowed to reprsents in a meaningful way the idea that 
branches were labels for commits. it helps me see wich branch contains 
a given commit and how this commit is related to the other ones. it helps
me also grasp the idea of reachability 

What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

the result is a merge commit which the tip of the branch ckecked out 
while doing the merge. Roughly, we get an udapted branch in which 
we merge the other branch into, with the commits of that branch and the ones 
of the other branch sorted by time.

it's because it's a combinaition of tow branches and 
the merge commit has as parents the most recent commits 
of the branch being merged.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The pros of git's automatic merging are it prevents you of doing a lot of work 
and warns you in case of conflicts between files by highlighting these conflicts. 
This make the modications very easy. But git will always warn you
whenever there a conflict even if it's irrelevant. In fact, maybe one of the files
concern by this conflict may resolve it. So there's no need to go through the files and
resolve the conflicts.

doing merges manually gives you entire control of your file and solves the problem
mentoined above for Git's automatic merging. But it's a lot work especially if the merge
concern a lot of files. you will have to go through the entire files, make some changes, maybe
you could introduce some bugs inadvertently. 






